SystemView: Fix Bus Hardfault when no JVM is running (#745)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/systemView.rst

   * Update ``SYSVIEW_APP_NAME``, ``SYSVIEW_DEVICE_NAME``, and ``SYSVIEW_RAM_BASE`` defines to fit your system information.
   * To add MicroEJ Java threads management in SystemView tasks initialization:
  
      * Add these includes ``#include "task.h"``, ``#include "LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSVIEW.h"``, ``#include "LLTRACE_SYSVIEW_configuration.h"``, ``#include "SEGGER_SYSVIEW_configuration.h"``

>         and the include that declares the external variable ``pvMicrojvmCreatedTask``. ``pvMicrojvmCreatedTask`` must be the FreeRTOS task handle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        and the include that declares the external variable ``pvMEJCoreEngineTask``. ``pvMEJCoreEngineTask`` must be the FreeRTOS task handle
```

            LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSTEMVIEW_send_task_list();
         }
         

>          void SEGGER_SYSVIEW_Conf(void) {

Reviewer: Why this function has been removed ?

Author: It's a mistake during the update, I will put it back.
Thanks for your attention.

            SYSVIEW_X_OS_TraceAPI.pfSendTaskList();

         // The strategy to send tasks info is different in post mortem and live analysis.
         #if (1 == SEGGER_SYSVIEW_POST_MORTEM_MODE)
            /**
            * POST MORTEM analysis
            *
            * In post mortem analysis, FreeRTOS tasks call regularly the function SYSVIEW_MICROEJ_X_OS_SendTaskList(),
            * when a packet (systemview event) is sent to the SEGGER circular buffer. It is necessary because the information of tasks
            * must be regularly uploaded in the circular buffer in order to provide a valid analysis at any moment.

>             * Consequently, we only allow to call LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSTEMVIEW_send_task_list() when the current task is the Microjvm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            * Consequently, we only allow to call LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSTEMVIEW_send_task_list() when the current task is the MicroEJ Core Engine.
```

            */

            /* Obtain the handle of the current task. */
            TaskHandle_t xHandle = xTaskGetCurrentTaskHandle();
            configASSERT( xHandle ); // Check the handle is not NULL.

>             // Check if the current task handle is the Microjvm task handle. pvMicrojvmCreatedTask is an external variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Check if the current task handle is the MicroEJ Core Engine task handle. pvMEJCoreEngineTask is an external variable.
```

>             if( xHandle == pvMicrojvmCreatedTask){

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            if( xHandle == pvMEJCoreEngineTask){
```

>                // Launched by the JVM, we execute LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSTEMVIEW_send_task_list()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               // Launched by the MicroEJ Core Engine, we execute LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSTEMVIEW_send_task_list()
```

               LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSTEMVIEW_send_task_list();
            }
         #else
            /**
            * LIVE analysis
            *
            * In live analysis, the call of SYSVIEW_MICROEJ_X_OS_SendTaskList() is triggered by

>             * the SystemView Software through the J-Link probe. Consequently, the Microjvm task will never call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            * the SystemView Software through the J-Link probe. Consequently, the MicroEJ Core Engine task will never call
```

>             * the function LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSTEMVIEW_send_task_list(). However, if the Microjvm task is created,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            * the function LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSTEMVIEW_send_task_list(). However, if the MicroEJ Core Engine task is created,
```

            * the function must be called LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSTEMVIEW_send_task_list().
            */

>             // Check if the Microjvm task handle is not NULL. pvMicrojvmCreatedTask is an external variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Check if the MicroEJ Core Engine task handle is not NULL. pvMEJCoreEngineTask is an external variable.
```

>             if( NULL != pvMicrojvmCreatedTask){

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            if( NULL != pvMEJCoreEngineTask){
```

>                // The JVM task is running, we execute LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSTEMVIEW_send_task_list()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               // The MicroEJ Core Engine task is running, we execute LLMJVM_MONITOR_SYSTEMVIEW_send_task_list()
```
